---
title: Importing from other Clients
editLink: true
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

Omnivore allows importing data from other data sources. When using the import API, you are limited to three imports per a day.

The maximum file size for an import is 10MB. If your import exceeds this size please email [feedback@omnivore.app](mailto:feedback@omnivore.app) for assistance.

[[toc]]

## Importing data from Matter

::: warning The Matter data importer is currently in beta, if you encounter any issues please notify us at [feedback@omnivore.app](mailto:feedback@omnivore.app)
:::

Omnivore supports uploading the `Archive.zip` file generated by exporting your data from the Matter app.

Import your Matter data using the [Import Matter Archive Tool](https://omnivore.app/tools/import/matter-archive).

To export your data from Matter, go to My Account, and choose Export
data, this will send you an email with your data in a file
`Archive.zip`. Upload that file using the uploader on this page.

The importer will ingest the URLs listed in the `_matter_history.csv` file. If the Archive contains an HTML content entry for the URL, the provided content will be used. Otherwise, Omnivore will attempt to refetch the URL.

::: tip Currently the importer does not support importing highlights and notes from Matter.
:::

## Importing using the API

When importing data using the API, if you have a large number of URLs to import, it is best to use the `uploadImportFile` vs the `savePage` APIs.

The `uploadImportFile` API accepts a CSV file and performs an import in the background. The `savePage` API could encounter rate limits if used to import a large number of URLs.

An example of importing with the `uploadImportFile` API can be found here: [https://github.com/omnivore-app/import-demo](https://github.com/omnivore-app/import-demo)

## Issues with importing URLs

When importing, depending on the format of your data, URLs might be refetched by Omnivore. URLs that are no longer available online might fail to be fetched. In this case, an empty entry with just the URL should be added to your library.
